[Doc] Refine API server upgrade docs (#6338)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/api-server/api-server-upgrade.rst

* For critical ongoing requests (e.g., launching a cluster), it waits for them to finish with a timeout.
* For non-critical ongoing requests (e.g., log tailing), it cancels them and returns an error to ask the client to retry.
* For new requests, it returns an error to ask the client to retry. New requests will be served when the new version of the API server is ready.

> To futher reduce the waiting time during upgrade, refer to :ref:`rolling update the API server<sky-api-server-upgrade-strategy>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further reduce the waiting time during upgrade, you can use :ref:`rolling update for the API server<sky-api-server-upgrade-strategy>`.
```

    helm upgrade -n $NAMESPACE $RELEASE_NAME skypilot/skypilot-nightly --devel --reuse-values \
      --set apiService.terminationGracePeriodSeconds=300

.. _sky-api-server-upgrade-strategy:

Upgrade strategy
----------------

By default, the API server is upgraded with the ``Recreate`` strategy, which introduces waiting time for new requests during upgrade. To eliminate the waiting time, you can upgrade the API server with the ``RollingUpdate`` strategy.

.. note::
    

>     ``RollingUpdate`` is an experimental feature. There is a known limitation that running command might fail when the old version of the API server get removed from the ingress backend. It is recommended to schedule the upgrade during a maintainence window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``RollingUpdate`` is an experimental feature. There is a known limitation that running a new command might fail when the old version of the API server gets removed from the ingress backend. It is recommended to schedule the upgrade during a maintenance window.
```

Do you mean "all running cmds may fail" or "running any new cmds may fail"?

The following table compares the two upgrade strategies:

.. list-table:: Upgrade Strategy Comparison
   :widths: 25 35 40
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Aspect

>      - Recreate
>      - RollingUpdate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ``Recreate``
     - ``RollingUpdate``
```

   * - **Availability**
     - Brief downtime during upgrade
     - Zero downtime
   * - **Request Handling**
     - New requests wait until upgrade completes
     - New requests served continuously by available replicas
   * - **Database Requirements**

>      - Can use local storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Can use local storage (SQLite)
```

     - Must use external persistent database
   * - **Resource Usage**
     - Terminates old pod before starting new one

>      - Launches new pod before terminating old one

Reviewer: Does Resource usage mean the API server's pods (resources)?

>    * - **Resource Usage**
>      - Terminates old pod before starting new one
>      - Launches new pod before terminating old one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - **Resource Usage During Upgrade**
     - Terminates old API server pod, then starts new one
     - Starts new API server pod, then terminates old one
```
How about this? To be more clear.

   * - **Use Cases**
     - Development environments, simple setups
     - Production environments requiring high availability

To use the ``RollingUpdate`` strategy, you need to:

* :ref:`Back the API server with a persistent database <api-server-persistence-db>`;
* Disable local peristence by setting :ref:`storage.enabled <helm-values-storage-enabled>` to ``false``;
* Set :ref:`apiService.upgradeStrategy <helm-values-apiService-upgradeStrategy>` to ``RollingUpdate``;
* Keep the ingress enabled (:ref:`ingress.enabled <helm-values-ingress-enabled>` is ``true`` by default) or :ref:`configure your ingress to improve the availability during upgrade <sky-api-server-rolling-update-ingress>`;

Here's an example of deploying the API server with the ``RollingUpdate`` strategy:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm install -n $NAMESPACE $RELEASE_NAME skypilot/skypilot-nightly --devel --reuse-values \
      --set apiService.upgradeStrategy=RollingUpdate \
      --set storage.enabled=false \
      --set apiService.dbConnectionSecretName=my-db-secret

.. _sky-api-server-rolling-update-ingress:

Ingress config
--------------

> The SkyPilot helm chart automatically configures the ingress resource to achieve best availability during upgrade. If you are managing the ingress resource out side of the SkyPilot helm chart, you can refer to the following snnipets to improve the availability during upgrades:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SkyPilot helm chart automatically configures the ingress resource to achieve higher availability during upgrade. If you are managing the ingress resource outside of the SkyPilot helm chart, refer to the following snippet to improve the availability during upgrades:
```
